ah Steve hold on wait you just I'm this
nice I have a get a sneeze coming any
second look look at it right white okay
that mr. ho light I keep looking stare
at it huh I don't know it's kids going
away I don't think it's gonna work just
yeah what are you doing what sometimes
eyes yeah it's the scariest thing I
could find nearby are you trying to
scare me yeah that's what that's how you
stop somebody from seizing now you come
to think of it I'm my hiccups are gone
today's big story broke this past
weekend and is remarkably relevant to us
here at newegg TV twitch has approved a
deal to become part of Google's
ever-expanding media conglomerate empire
for 1 billion dollars in cash YouTube
will acquire the popular streaming site
presumably so they can play pokemon too
but hold on for a second before you grab
your pitchforks if you're worried about
Google+ integration being forced upon
otherwise innocent and virtuous twitch
users remember that google has recently
said that they are moving away from that
strategy was it perhaps in anticipation
of this deal knowing that many twitch
users would be fearful that prospect
possibly what's more likely is that
Google's YouTube has been looking to do
more with live streaming they are going
with the tried and true method of buying
out the people who are best at it
YouTube is home to many popular lets
players instead of the common current
means of cross promoting to a different
site for live gameplay popular users
would probably be able to stream twitch
style from within their own channel but
don't think this is the death knell for
twitch games will still be their focus
and it seems that YouTube simply wants
to build on the existing architecture in
order to support streaming to other
media besides gaming whether it be live
concerts cultural events or
informational talks like Ted so don't
worry the alt tab show will still be
coming at you live on fridays at three
p.m. pacific time with targeted ads and
selling user data to other companies
could facebook get any creepier the
answer is always yes yes it can now in
an effort to squeeze as much information
as they can out of you for profit
they've implemented a new ask feature on
users profiles if one of your friends
has withheld certain information
such as whether or not they are single
or in a relationship you can click the
ask button so that they can feel the
crushing weight of peer pressure well if
you're like many Facebook users out
there you might start pruning your
friends list the last thing I need is
someone poking through my profile and
wondering why I haven't disclosed my
political alignment none of your damn
business that's why of course the only
reason this feature exists is so that
Facebook can get more detailed data from
you so it can target more creepy ads
except this time they've sunk to a new
low they're going to make your friends
and relatives do the dirty work for them
not cool facebook not cool some exciting
news for DIY enthusiasts noctua is
scheduled to launch a line of their
popular award winning case fans that
will come in a variety of different
colors constructed of fiberglass
reinforced polyamide noctua fans are
some of the best in the business sadly
they do come at a price for many that
price isn't just their shopping cart
value either while they're known for
their durability acoustics and
long-lasting cooling performance back to
as aesthetics leave a lot to be desired
until now they were only offered in a
boring brown or maroon and tan
combination which is a downside for
those who like to color coordinate their
components but a plus for people who
love s'mores now they'll be offering
them in a variety of colors and
streamlining the price in order to
appeal to a wider market hopefully that
means that their quality stays the same
as well many of us on the team are fans
of noctua and we'd hate to see them
alter their manufacturing process for
the sake of pandering to a bunch of
image obsessed fan boys rumors of a new
GPU from AMD have been circulating for a
while but now video cards com has some
more information for those who have been
waiting patiently called the tonga after
a chain of islands in the Pacific the
new flagship model won't be a high
powered beast if you're looking for 20
nanometer manufacturing and high
bandwidth memory then the tonga isn't
for you so what's the big deal then well
it looks like with Tonga AMD is looking
to provide a direct competitor for
NVIDIA is Maxwell GM 107 this means
they're looking to improve the power
efficiency of their mid-range cards
Tongan architecture supposedly would
also offer power tune boost which would
make them even more energy-efficient
rumored to only sport 2 gigabytes of
memory this would probably be a card for
someone looking to make a mid to low-end
gaming or htpc
that won't consume a lot of juice when
in use it does show AMD is trying to
stay competitive so hopefully in video
will up their game as well and lower
prices of some of their mid tier cards
as a fascinating story there Stephen
glad you've brought this information
about the tonga to all of the folks
watching at home well thank you very
much i just hope i didn't get any of it
Rangga well you can feel the rhythm it's
getting stronger I don't think I can
take this any longer neither can I thank
you guys so much for watching this
episode of yoked and of course stay
tuned for Q&A tomorrow another yoked on
thursday as well as i live stream on
friday Steve take us home you guys have
just been yoked